README.md, before:

ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
=========================
An "Ultimate Ability" UI mod for the MMORPG "The Secret World"
   
   
What is this?
-------------
ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility is a heads-up-display module for tracking the progress of Animus charge, and activating the Ultimate Ability.
Feedback, updates and community forum can be found at https://forums.thesecretworld.com/showthread.php?86011-MOD-ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
   
   
User Configuration
------------------
The mod provides an interactive on-screen icon which can be used to bring up a configuration panel.  Hover the mouse over the icon for instructions.  If you have Viper's Topbar Information Overload (VTIO) installed, or an equivalent handler, the icon will be available in a VTIO slot.
   
You can also toggle the configuration window with the option ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility_ShowConfig, which can be set via a chat command as follows:
/setoption ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility_ShowConfig 1
(1 = open, 0 = closed)
   
   
Known Issues
------------
* None yet   
   
  
Installation
------------
Extract the contents of the zip file into: YOUR_TSW_DIRECTORY\Data\Gui\Customized\Flash
This will add the appropriate directory and put the files in the right place.

Uninstallation
--------------
Delete the directory: YOUR_TSW_DIRECTORY\Data\Gui\Customized\Flash\ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
   
   
Source Code
-----------
You can get the source from GitHub at https://github.com/eltorqiro/TSW-UltimateAbility

Commit message:

Update to v1.0.0
commit 21b67d882158cf1a93455fa6c527acd6e5c50992
Author: eltorqiro <eltorqiro@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Sep 20 01:33:54 2015 +1000

    Update to 1.0.0

     * changelog in commit

commit 7f79f2fb70aa5d622ed1871d5c0011a270d31265
Author: eltorqiro <eltorqiro@gmail.com>
Date:   Sun Sep 20 00:57:12 2015 +1000

    Integrate dev work pre-1.0.0

commit 8800451af0676a5dbb1c87dbacdd90aa0c90b195
Author: eltorqiro <eltorqiro@gmail.com>
Date:   Fri Sep 18 15:07:24 2015 +1000

    Update visuals to "outline" look

README.md, after:

ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
=========================
An "Ultimate Ability" UI mod for the MMORPG "The Secret World"
   
   
What is this?
-------------
ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility is a heads-up-display module for tracking the progress of Animus charge, and activating the Ultimate Ability.
Feedback, updates and community forum can be found at https://forums.thesecretworld.com/showthread.php?86011-MOD-ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
   
   
User Configuration
------------------
The mod provides an interactive on-screen icon which can be used to bring up a configuration panel.  Hover the mouse over the icon for instructions.  If you have Viper's Topbar Information Overload (VTIO) installed, or an equivalent handler, the icon will be available in a VTIO slot.
   
You can also toggle the configuration window with the option ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility_ShowConfigWindow, which can be set via a chat command as follows:
/setoption ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility_ShowConfigWindow 1
(1 = open, 0 = closed)
   
   
Known Issues
------------
* None yet   
  
  
Installation
------------
Extract the contents of the zip file into: YOUR_TSW_DIRECTORY\Data\Gui\Customized\Flash
This will add the appropriate directory and put the files in the right place.

Uninstallation
--------------
Delete the directory: YOUR_TSW_DIRECTORY\Data\Gui\Customized\Flash\ElTorqiro_UltimateAbility
  
  
Source Code
-----------
You can get the source from GitHub at https://github.com/eltorqiro/TSW-UltimateAbility
  
  
Licenses
--------
* "Angel Wings" app icon based on original work created by Lorc ( ThomasTamblyn@gmail.com ), used with permission under the "CC BY 3.0" license ( http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ ), and sourced from ( http://game-icons.net/lorc/originals/angel-wings.html ).  The icon has been modified from its original state.
